and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business growth show i'm your host sam
dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet check out our
weekly email where we share actual
marketing tips useful podcasts free
guides bonus resources and much much
more to start your week off with a bang
each and every monday you can sign up
for it today at businessgrowth.email
so joining me today on the show is nadia
milani nadia is the vp of marketing over
at proposify
nadia welcome to the show how you doing
doing good thanks so much for having me
so happy to be here
no worries at all so looking forward to
this one we're gonna be chatting all
about how you can actually dominate your
sales deals from the proposal
to the closing the deal itself
so let's jump straight in let's not be
around the bush let's talk about it
why
are proposals so important nadia well
proposals are so important because
they're the
final thing that the customer sees
before the deal closes so there's like a
lot hanging on the proposal so it should
be beautiful it should be clear it
should be simple and typically people
don't really know what happens after
that proposal sent so
i propose via we we actually add some
visibility to that stage so it helps you
figure out like what actually can close
so the proposals are so important
because they are going to help you seal
that deal
yeah and you've raised a good point
straight away because i can't tell you
the number of times especially when i
first start started in sales
that i'd perhaps speak to a lead whether
that was a referral or whether it was
one that came through our website
contact form and we kind of have a chat
i think it was going well we'd discuss a
potential project and they might say
sounds good sam send me a proposal and
then i send a proposal and crickets
so i i didn't know if it was good didn't
know if it was bad didn't know if my
proposal was kind of hitting the nail on
the head if i'd covered all the key
points and then try to get hold of them
it's gone
and the thing is so
can take a lot of time right so i
remember
so i've been on the marketing side of
the business but i've worked so closely
with sales because i've been kind of in
the revenue either on a revenue team or
just working really closely obviously on
inbound and i just know that proposals
and running them can be so painful um it
can take so much time
and when it's gone out and it actually
hasn't worked it's it really it's it's
it's tough it's tough for us for
salesperson and
so that's why we're here today so we're
here to tell you
how to create the best proposals
so you guys and gals can close better
and faster
sounds good sounds good to me so let's
jump right in you've got a six step
framework that you're gonna share with
us oh yeah so let's um let's get stuck
in
let's do it so yeah so basically so so
proposify every year what we do is we
set out a state of proposal so this year
we we're sending out a third annual
state of proposals and what we do is
kind of put in all the data that we have
in our system
and we have over 1.1 proposals that we
analyze every year i think last year was
1.2
um and so what we did is we kind of
figured out like six
easy ways to make your proposals better
so you can win more deals
so i'm going to review six of them right
now and then you can ask me a bunch of
questions uh in the middle of it so it's
really kind of
created around like six steps so it's
proposal structure and design so it's
making sure your actual structure and
design
is good and i know that sounds simple
and basic but
it there's actually there's more to that
and me to that uh to help and so
creating an amazing proposal like how to
create a proposal that will close better
sending your proposals the right way so
i know like people think that or in
sales people will think you send it it's
done let's move on but
there's a way of actually sending it to
maximize that and kind of hack the send
okay um yeah and then tracking and
following your proposals like a pro
and we'll talk a little bit about
pricing negotiation and some data that
we found around that which is
which is actually really insightful and
then closing a win so how to use the
proposal
to to really win
um so i'm really excited to
to start
yeah yeah so propose if i literally
analyzed 1.1 million proposals that is a
ton
of proposal documents right okay
i'm guessing that that took him some
time i mean i've probably only written a
few hundred so i will say i will say
that like it wasn't me who analyzed all
the data so there's a team of people on
our proposed fashion
because it wasn't it certainly wasn't me
i and and so but yeah we've actually
looked at the 1.1 and we found some
really great consistent kind of trends
with with uh proposals and how
a company's using uh proposify are
sending proposals and kind of what those
key trends it's our and it's really
interesting because it has kind of
changed like in 2020 we were in the
middle of covid and we had some
different uh insights into last year's
which is like right here i'm gonna show
you actually we printed hard copies of
it last year um and so that was really
interesting from last name this year the
data has changed a bit uh but you're
getting a sneak peek because we actually
haven't published this yet so you are
the first
person and you and anyone hearing this
are the first people to get the data
um
before we actually release it so awesome
exclusive business growth show awesome
sam it's an inside scoop for you there
we go there we go so first and foremost
i know we're going to be talking about
the proposal structure
and design so yeah looking forward to
tearing your tips on this really in
terms of how they should actually look
and feel i guess yeah so we're going to
release an actual like um like a full-on
perfect state of proposals that'll have
like pages on this you have like it'll
be more visual so people who are
listening to this um you know i'm going
to be talking about it which sometimes
isn't always the best but um we're gonna
have visuals to kind of like show you
some of this but really with proposal
structure and design um you know
it isn't a nice to have so i think like
people sometimes think specifically when
they're kind of rushing into proposal um
you know
what's the kind of strategy i think it's
really important to think about it
with the plan
because it's really essential to closing
so
yeah the best proposals aren't
complicated okay so i think that like
some people want to put in their heart
and soul
and they go into a lot of details about
a lot of the things that maybe have been
discussed with the customer um but they
shouldn't be complicated they should be
concise persuasive and really kind of
just follow like a logical structure so
um and then once you've kind of like
nailed the specifics of of what you want
to
um put into the proposal
um 80 of it shouldn't change after that
like i think the formatting once you've
kind of like knocked it down and you
kind of figured it out like 80 of it
shouldn't change um and then 20 of it as
you kind of
um have more customers you can kind of
you know massage it and make it more
applicable to each each customer but
what we found was that
shorter documents
perform better so the shorter
the better people
interesting okay
okay
and in terms of
i guess the structure and design are
there any points that that people should
consider i mean that's interesting that
you've said straight away that it needs
to be kind of concise because i can't
tell you the amount of times i've
perhaps asked a vendor for a proposal
and in return you get kind of a 30-page
generic document and yeah
oh as i can certainly say this from a
buyer's perspective and i've probably
been guilty of a seller perspective and
usually i'm just going to skim the first
couple pages
kind of make sure they've got my brief
perhaps the problems that i've raised on
the sales call and my goals then i'm
probably going to skip the pricing check
us within the budget we discussed and
that's probably
all i'm going to flick through if a pros
was emailed to me in in brutal truth so
i guess that is is that why we're kind
of pushing towards the shorter kind of
more concise options yeah i think that
with like specifically if you're like
there's competitors and they're they're
in a buying process they're going to
want to kind of skim through the details
probably a lot quicker um so we just
found like shorter does better like on
average a winning proposal contained 11
pages
um usually organized into into seven
sections so that's what we found in our
database but also proposals with images
so adding images will help you close 72
more likely so adding images of your
team
of your company branded imagery
into your proposal template um helps and
helps you seal the clothes 20 times 20
faster is what we found in the 1.1
million proposals that we reviewed and
then also we found that video
is interesting enough is something that
is increasingly becoming a conversion
point on proposals so
adding a video can increase your close
rates up to 41
so
that's that's pretty high
and then um also we found that it'll
help you close 26 faster so images and
video people are the two essential
things to add into your proposal and i
think like you know when you think about
like proposals of the day where people
were just putting in word docs and some
people are still using word dogs for
proposals um
you know there's there's so much
opportunity to elevate it based on the
data that we're seeing so it's making
those proposals stand out because if you
are in competition with other
competitors anything that can help you
look more branded established more
appealing but also adding personality by
images and video is going to help you
stand out
sure sure so making them nice and visual
leveraging video leveling leveraging
imagery where you can um that's right
what about any other things on this
point now let's consider about perhaps
business challenges or leveraging any
insights from kind of the initial sales
skills that we should consider do you
think
yeah i think it's really important to
understand the business challenge your
prospect is up against so it's so
important to like figure out what is it
that we are trying to solve for
and not being afraid to using emotion
and personality into proposals like i
feel like um you know specifically when
i worked at more enterprise
organizations like we were very like
almost legal in our proposal and
conservative
in a proposal
approach but it's really important to
address the business challenge but also
add some personality into it um and
that's all about
i think just being a good writer and and
being able to translate
what the business challenges are in kind
of a
document style so we found that like
being concise
being persuasive and having that visual
identity in your proposal just all helps
you seal the deal faster
yeah yeah yeah makes sense makes sense i
didn't know that about video
in fact like i don't know if i've ever
received the proposal with a video i
know i occasionally send them out using
tools like vidyard and loom
and all those good stuff with proposal
recaps but is that actually putting a
video like inside the proposal document
or yeah you can actually put the video
in it in the document um or if you are
currently using a proposal software that
doesn't allow you to do that or you know
you're still using word or you're using
any other kind of more simple um
software like adding like a vidyar to
your proposal or any other type of video
will help and we found that winning
proposals include video
are viewed nine times more on average
but also um videos without video so
proposals without video are only viewed
about five times in average so there's
just like a lot of correlation about
adding that personality just through
video helps in the close and it just
kind of like again helps the room your
customer remember your prospect who was
i talking to specifically if there's
like multiple people in the uh that
they're talking to during their buying
process
yeah sure i imagine it helps you break
through the noise as well especially if
a company's comparing vendors so if
there's like
perhaps you're against two or three
other agencies pitching for the work and
if yours is the one that's more visual
has got a video summary and kind of
stands out from the other options i
guess it kind of positions you as a
a preferred choice if you've gone out
absolutely
um but then also like create some
creating this was like the second point
of like how to really nail your your
proposals and dominate your clothes
so it's such an important part of of the
proposal process too because people just
think like i'm creating it and i'm going
to just put slap everything together
i've talked to my prospect i know what
all the problems are this is easy i've
added an image but like how do i
actually assemble it all together
i think that's what's really important
to to understand so
um we've outlined a bunch of ways to
help you do this in the state of
proposals
but like the three main methods that we
found again like from the data is to
really um
so when you're creating a business
proposal is really starting from scratch
duplicating an existing document so
anytime there's like
multiple sales people
that are that are you know
uh in the process or at your
organization it's really important to
kind of have like a template or
creating something that you know from
something that exists because if you're
not doing that um then i think it just
takes longer and we've seen that in the
data um so creating it from a template
or something that pre you know even like
a marketing person on your team can help
you with and and just having that like
template that's kind of done the images
are there
kind of the main points and framework or
within your proposal are there and then
from there you just you're really just
putting in the details
and then you're able to just kind of
kind of get get just further along with
it and get it done and move and get it
to the client as quickly as possible
so
we found that those uh sales people who
are using templates like something that
was already pre-existing uh in their
software
um
usually minimize their errors um costly
errors actually sometimes and also we're
able to put it out a lot quicker so they
can send it out to the client and
sometimes beat out the competition
um and i mean sounds pretty obvious but
64 percent of proposals um we found in
this in our proposal software on
proposify were created from the template
and then um 34 were duplicated from
existing proposals so i mean not like
groundbreaking data in terms of like i
think that there's there's some obvious
things there but the key thing is is
like
you want to kind of build the design get
get a framework and and template it so
it's just something that you can use
over and over again very quickly and
getting it out to your customers as fast
as possible
yeah yeah yeah it makes it makes sense
right because i mean it's especially if
you're relying on your sales team to to
ship proposals i don't know perhaps
they've got a target of speaking to x
amount of qualified leads per per week
or per month and they've got to ship out
several proposals to hit their sales
quota then if they're going to have to
create everything from scratch and build
all these custom proposals they're gonna
be forever doing admin work
right and you don't wanna be doing admin
work you don't you say admin i say admin
but like you know it's the same thing
you just don't wanna be doing that
all the time you wanna be able to kind
of get get it quickly done
move on and
i actually said another stat that was
kind of interesting i remember reading
it
in the uh and the data
um was that so
we have and proposify like input input
client fields where they actually put in
certain items or certain things that
they want to add into the proposal so
that kind of gives like almost like an
interactive
uh approach to creating the proposal so
they're able to add something that is
that they feel is really important to
you their service your product etc so we
found that like proposals with client
input forms that were used
actually closed sixty-one percent more
so
um i know it's a data stack but
basically what that allows you to do
is it helps you
kind of figure out okay this is the
proposal i send out to you but it gives
the ability to have these kind of these
these forms within the the software but
the client can actually go in and add
something that you either have may have
missed or an additional item that
they they thought um you may not may
have not thought was like it was really
important so
we found that by making it interactive
and getting them the ability or creating
the ability for them to actually input
stuff into the proposal will help you
close as well because if you've missed
something it gives them the ability to
add it which was an i thought an
interesting stat
yeah yeah it's not not something i
thought about to to be honest much in
terms of actually getting
prospective buyer feedback
so
i guess and feel free to correct me if
this is wrong but i guess if like you
said if you've missed something from
perhaps the
um discovery cool and perhaps
laying down their goals and objectives
in one of the first pages and then
perhaps the buyer reads it and they say
well you've actually missed a point on
this or we've had a internal
conversation and we've realized we
actually need to include this and this
then you can kind of get that feedback
live i suppose if you're if you're
enabled there that's right so it helps
and it helps just kind of again get to
the final um really proposal and offer
or or service agreement quicker so then
we there's like that collaboration and
that ability to kind of just get the
alignment with your customer on exactly
what needs to be delivered so we just
found that was something uh also that
stood out in in the data
um but then the third point is sending
to actually sending your
proposal and and how to do it and we've
already kind of talked about it but it's
like getting it out the front door like
or out the door as soon as you can
without any errors and without any um
you know making it visually appealing
and and in terms of um we talked about
like actual proposal
um and document tips it's it's having
all of that
but then sending it out the door really
really quickly so proposals that get you
prospects faster just close faster
period like that's what we found
so it sounds simple enough
um but you know
sam and i know by either being in sales
or working with sales is that sometimes
we can get stuck at the proposal stage
because there's either a lot of
proposals needing to be sent out or
there's like just not time or the
salesperson is just doesn't have time
for that admin work so
it sounds simple but the act of sending
your proposals can really have a lot of
obstacles that can sometimes
stop you from just getting it out the
door
so i think it's really important to nail
down a consistent workflow so allowing
your sales team to move with the speed
that they need to to get again close
that deal
um
because there's like that
cliche i'm not really good at like
at saying like verbatim what the cliches
are but time kills like all deals like
something like that
um so get it out the door and we saw
that 25 of proposals are actually won
within one hour of of opening so really
it's what we saw in our system uh so a
quarter of them are one within one hour
of proposals are won within 24 hours of
opening is what we also found so that's
pretty high number
and then we also saw that
about half of proposals opened within 80
minutes of sending so about like an hour
and a half
and then 15 of proposals were open
within five minutes of sending so
um which shows that there's you know a
big proportion of of proposals that are
being opened like right away
yeah and it's it kind of reminds you of
this saying speed to lead so when thank
you
speed to lead thank you
so it's like when a inquiry comes in
from your website or your landing page
i think there's there's a bunch of data
on this and it varies a bit but i think
it's like within five minutes is the
optimal time um appreciate if someone
inquires at midnight that's probably not
going to happen unless you're you've had
about 10 coffees you've not gone to
sleep but you've done that before i've
done that before
we've all been there and um but yeah i
think it's i think it's around five
minutes so essentially you need to be
responding to an inbound lead within
reason within five minutes and it's it's
just going to put your
chances winning the deal way ahead are
we saying a similar thing with the
proposal like once you've had your your
conversations with your client and then
they've they've agreed everything and
you're ready to kind of send the
proposal the president
out the door get it out the door it's
very similar the faster you get it out
the better so and we've seen that with
just the results and closing time and
just proposals viewed so it's really
essential
um very similar to when you're following
up with the lead from
as a bdr sdr like as an ae or anyone on
the sales team like go out and send that
proposal as soon as you can
yeah
and there's also we saw like deal
velocity too so something that we've
been tracking like year over year is
also like um just
deal velocity so uh overall deal time
to close so we've looked at the ttc we
call it um so our data goes back to
almost i think like 2050 or 2016. and it
showed that sales cycles actually are
shortening by an average of six percent
year-over-year
so i think we our assumption on that is
like technologies and processes are
obviously have improved like year over
year and specifically like within cobit
and stuff like everyone was forced to
use
i mean more more technology for those
companies that weren't already fully
stacked with
a million different software tools
so we just noticed that in 2020
specifically it like really dramatically
increased and deals took about 44 less
time to close which was like that was
kind of cool
and then um this so last year in 2021
the trend continued and it actually
further decreased so the time to close
decreased by 12.6
so it currently takes about over four
days for the typical deal to close
once a proposal is is created so the
time to actually close is significantly
taking a lot less so again
a point about really just speed
to lead as you said but really just
speak to up the door get that proposal
out as soon as possible
yeah yeah i guess
and feel free to correct me if you think
i'm wrong is that
with the world the era of digital
selling because there's less
face-to-face meetings
most of our communication is probably
now
phone zoom like some kind of live video
chat so we're not having to travel as
much so most of our communication on
perhaps initial sales conversations
leading up to that sending the proposal
and then follow up which we'll talk
about a minute i guess that process is
sped up therefore the proposal stage and
winning the deals is sped up as well
yeah i i certainly agree with that like
you know i i don't have like the actual
data to
to confirm um that that specifically but
like honestly we all know that in this
age like we're consistently on
on zooms we are you know uh also the
balance of time like we just i feel like
time is just even though we have
technically more time because we're not
commuting but i think everything's gone
digital um we're looking to like
optimize time even more because we're
balancing i certainly am balancing here
at home you know with with children and
like work and there's still a lot of
that happening even though most kids are
at school um but you know i totally
agree with you i think it's just we've
become more digital
um and things are just i think one are
just easier to
do because we are increasingly becoming
more digital but i think
you know time is is of the essence so
the faster we can do stuff the better
and the more time we have to balance
yeah yeah yeah it makes sense makes
sense so
we've sent it we've got out the door
what what comes next
do we hope for the best and just await
the check in the mail yeah we book the
vacation and go out on a vacation
somewhere no we we track and we have to
follow up so
uh proposify is great because it allows
you to track the deal and when when the
proposal is being opened so you can
understand like what's the engagement
with the actual proposals so that black
box that we talked about a little bit at
the beginning of the of the chat where
you had before we didn't really know
what happened after a proposal was sent
are they opening it are they viewing it
or multiple people viewing it like
what's happening there so i think it's
really important to understand the
status of the deal
and be and really understand what
what's happening uh with the proposals
otherwise
you know you could be wasting time um or
you could be
kind of like
using your time on something else that
that would be worth worth your time if
that makes sense
um so it's really about um tracking and
following up so proposal by um does give
sales teams like that that analytics and
the view uh to be able to see what's
happening with the proposal once it's in
the prospects hands um and then you know
it's really important to be able to
follow up so
um either through automated emails or
having like an automated notification
um how we sent you this email or this
proposal you haven't looked at it yet
um you know and having those those um
actionable follow-ups either you writing
an email or having them automated
through the software is going to help
you close a lot
a lot more so
it's just a small stat from the 1.1
billion proposals that we looked at
proposals with scheduled reminders have
a
35.4 percent higher close rate than
proposals with no reminders so
that's 35
more likely to close so it's really
important to follow up and i think
sometimes sales reps
uh a's might
i mean certainly they will um but it's
just it's important to to really do that
for all your proposals
definitely recommend that that's that's
something as well as just sending the
document you say before you even send it
i would recommend anyone from my own
experience and my own pain more than
anything of just kind of agreeing to
send a quote or agreeing to send a
proposal and then just like i say
cricket so on your initial sales calls
just saying look i'm happy to invest the
time i believe if you believe that
there's a mutual fit between your
companies and you can add value to them
just saying look can we carve out some
time next wednesday or next thursday
when it makes sense to sit down for 20
minutes go through this proposal
together
because just getting that face time
alone with the proposal definitely helps
improve your close rates for my own
experience so going back to your point
on the tracking so having some kind of
software tool
set up so you can see when people open
the proposals i guess that works in two
ways right so if if for some reason the
email goes to spam and you just see it's
never open then you think probably need
to give them a call so i can actually
check that they got that proposed in the
first place
or likewise i suppose if it goes on the
opposite end and they're just constantly
opening you might want to give them a
shout and just see look how we're doing
i i've actually seen that you've opened
the pros quite a few times
are we looking forward absolutely so i
mean there's automation but like at the
end of the day
getting you know on the call or calling
someone still still works and i think
like you know talking to so many
sales reps and 80s and sales people in
general
right it's just it's just following up
and taking the extra effort to see
what's happening so i totally agree with
you it's not only about setting up the
automated email take the next step and
give them a call
yeah yeah yeah it
so the next point we're gonna talk about
is discounting and negotiating so this
is my favorite thing because i know i've
worked places where we would go to the
discount way too soon in the
conversation
and what we did find from our analysis
is that specifically in 2021
is that the discount doesn't always
work and i'd love to get your
perspective on the sam on discounting
and negotiating
but this kind of proposals have a close
rate
of 23
lower than the proposals without any
discounts so
just wanted to say that one more time 23
lower close rates than those that
um
that don't have any discounts so i think
sometimes as sales professionals you
know we'll go straight to
uh discounting sometimes um and
and i would really recommend not doing
that specifically with the initial
proposal send um
yeah so what are your thoughts on
discounting i'm just curious well i
don't know if you've got the the logic
behind the stat because the only thing
i'd query does that mean that the sales
rep sent on the very first time they're
sending the proposal and they've they've
put for example our product is normally
i don't know 10 grand per annum but
we're doing it for you for 7.99 yeah
or does it mean they have a conversation
after they're sending the pros or then
discounted it in the revised proposal
or does it mean the first one so it's
the first one so it's it's it's having
in there like a reduced pricing within
the proposal so it's like usually 10 000
like a minus discount discount field and
then you're getting it for five five
thousand i see
yeah i think
this is only from a personal perspective
it just kind of reduces credibility a
little bit because
it's almost like they're trying to do
you a deal before you've even
kind of
built up credibility i suppose although
you might have done some initial sales
conversations so
yeah i mean from
from my own perspective and from tips
that i've stolen from negotiation
experts that have been on the show you
usually want to
look at getting some ground brak so if
someone's gonna say look
if if the prospects looked at the
proposal then comes back to you and says
look sam everything looks great but i
need you to sharpen the pencil i need to
do five percent off or whatever they're
proposing
you might want to look at some terms
that you're going to get back in return
whether that is they're going to give
you a referral they're going to give you
a testimonial they're going to sign for
12 months instead of 6. you need to look
at that ground that you can win before
you just start randomly slashing your
prices and hoping for the best that's
just my two cents
love it and and we thought of the data
so winning proposals have an average
discount of 27
while unsucks unsuccessful proposals
have an average discount of 36 percent
so when they when people are discounting
we notice like the lower
discounts um are a little bit more
successful in that in that data stat
and um 27 of unsuccessful deals are
discounted compared to only 20 of
winning deals so
anyway the thing is is there i mean lots
of numbers
it's really about uh don't just go
for the discount um at least send it out
without a discount have the conversation
is is the two cents there before you
close that's really the last point of
this kind of this
six winning
uh steps to proposals and dominating
your clothes so
um what was really interesting in a lot
of the data about the clothes and we're
going to be releasing that um
in about two weeks but we noticed that
there was one stat
that helped you increase your close rate
by four times so that's what i want to
share with you it's and
i'm just interested if you have any
guesses on what that is sam
oh
so four times likely to close if you do
this on your proposals yes
it's not um
well i'll have two can i have two
guesses
okay yeah
that's absolutely fine we're making this
game up as long as it's kind of goes so
there's no rules two guesses but
my first one is that you agree
like we talked about earlier actually
that you agree a um a follow-up time i
i'm gonna send you a proposal we agree a
video call perhaps on in two days time
to go go through it
and then
my second one is that you have a
sign form on the signal on the proposal
itself
like someone can you sign it ding ding
ding ding ding we have a winner we have
a winner his name is sam
um so yes so the uh so
it's somewhat of the second point so
what we notice is that e-signatures will
significantly improve uh the deal
performance of your proposals so
it's not um so it's really adding the
two or how many signatures there are
signatures within for for the proposal
adding those fields already
in
the document but also signing your
proposal
before can help increase that close rate
by thirty six point eight percent so
such a simple
addition to your proposal by signing you
signing it
the sales rep literally signs it so they
can see the signature already yeah so
they sign their part it's already signed
and all you have all right is send out
send it out with another field or fields
for the
signer and then that actually increases
it by almost 50 so such a simple hack
and we've seen that in the data so
you're you're right so so the
e-signature adding that in will actually
help you close
four times more than not adding that
got it got it
that's really interesting because i know
i've i've seen proposals where they
aren't like kind of both unsigned so it
says like will sign here and the the
guest party that the vendor will sign
here
so perhaps it yeah i'm just trying to
think psychology perhaps it's because
they already think that they've they've
taken their time to sign it so now all
i've got to do is sign my part
exactly they're like oh okay they signed
it i'm going to sign it too so it could
be you know what i would love to curate
more data on the
on the psychology around it but for now
what we know is that if you add it it's
such a simple easy way
to just increase your close rate and win
so that's my six step process and by my
hour at proposify six step process of
closing better in 2022
with
um proposify or you know just proposals
in general so hopefully that helps you
and your
and your fan base which you have a lot
of sam sam you're like a popular guy on
on social so
i i hope this helps your your fans much
appreciate look enjoy enjoyed going
through it with you nadia um thanks very
much for sharing the six step process
i'm sure it's gonna be useful for anyone
that works with a sales team is in sales
runs a sales team for making sure they
know their proposals some really
interesting stats that we've picked on
so yeah thanks again and do tell us more
about how anyone that's tuned in today
can learn more from yourself the best
way to get in touch with you or how we
can find out more about proposify and
the stats you've shared today awesome so
a couple of things so if you want to
reach out to me i'm on linkedin twitter
nadia milani
i'm happy to just discuss you can dm me
or um directly i'll get i usually get
back uh but more proposals you can
actually start a 14 day trial for free
with proposal with proposify so just go
on our website you'll find our free our
free trial cta on the home page or if
you're on a larger organization maybe
you need a demo hit the demo request and
we'll demo it for you guys uh and gals
as soon as you need it so proposify.com
is where you can find us it's been great
being here today thanks so much for
having me sam
no worries thanks very much for coming
on so we'll put all of those links over
in the show notes over at
businessgrowth.marketing thanks very
much again nadia enjoyed the chat
awesome
have a great day good stuff and as
always if you enjoyed the show be sure
to hit that subscribe if you're on
youtube or if you're listening to the
audio podcast a quick rating is much
appreciated
and if you want more actual marketing
tips we should catch you on the next one
cheers